# 506-practice-workflow
This assignment is a primer for fall semester HHA 504/507

I wanted my assignment to focus on A1C levels. For the number variable, I decided to make it based on a normal A1C level and set it equal to 5.6 which is a normal value for adults. Then, I defined A1C for the string variable since it would be all text and set that equal to 'blood glucose level over past three months'. For the list, I wanted to write down the possible values an A1C test could yield. Anything below 5.6 is considered a normal level so I included two normal values and two values that would be viewed as a diagnosis for diabetes or prediabetes. For the dictionary, I decided to make it about patients and included three of them. The nested dictionary consists of the personal information for each patient which is their name, age, and A1C level.
Since A1C tests are routine and conducted about every three months, for the function I wanted to make the two inputs about the previous A1C value and the A1C value from the most recent test. Addititonally, I wanted the function to be able to print the result from the previous test and the most recent test when there is an example given and display it in sentence form. For the if/else statement, my function compared the previous test results and the current results. So if the new value is less than the old value then there will be a printed statement that the new A1C value is lower now. Then, for anything else which would be when the new value is greater than the old value, there will be a printed statement that the new A1C value is higher now. 
For my example data, it sets the new A1C value as 5.4 and the old A1C value as 7.2. As previously mentioned, the function will be printing that into sentence form so the expected output will be '7.2 is your previous A1C value' and '5.4 is your current A1C value'. Then, for the comparison of the two values, the expected output will be 'Your A1C is lower now'.